Hahahaha come on
The Empress stayed up all night
Go take a break
People like this
How can I sleep soundly?
These people on the southern border have been hard hit by the drought
The rain was for them
After all, it is a cure for the symptoms rather than the root cause
Tingdi is barren
The plague prevails
Another inactive official
It's no use just saving their lives
Let them survive safely
Hmph, I don't believe that the Queen of Labor can really control this plague
So many people have died
The palace also sent people here
I don't think I'm going to let him go back alive at all
With this choreography of my time, I might as well get out and do something practical
Oh my lady
scenery
Here are several kinds of food that can be grown in Handi
And it grows very fast.
Are you going to farm with a few people who are not sick?
This
What is this?
Murder and arson are capital crimes
If you don't want to die, hurry up and leave
Hurry up
Emperor
Open the letter you sent back
Why has there been no response so far?
How is the palace?
The emperor has just learned the news
What's wrong with the empress? The empress ordered before making a contribution not to disclose the news to you
Lest you worry at the border
The emperor learned that literature and art in Bailing County were difficult to control
He and Empress Dowager Qin Shi went to Bailing County in person
until now
It's been half a month.
What!